c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\PokeSharp.exe.config
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\PokeSharp.exe
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\PokeSharp.pdb
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\App.baml
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp.g.resources
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp.exe
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp.pdb
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\GMap.NET.Core.dll
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\GMap.NET.WindowsPresentation.dll
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\bin\Release\GMap.NET.Core.xml
c:\users\maufeat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PokeSharp\PokeSharp\obj\Release\PokeSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
